CONSHOHOCKEN, Pa. , Sept. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Within industrial environments, high alkaline maintenance cleaners are often used to remove unwanted soils in work areas; however, their high pH levels and chemical composition can pose health and safety concerns to end-users. In an effort to address these issues, Quaker Chemical Corporation ( NYSE: KWR , "Quaker") has developed a water-based maintenance cleaner, QUAKER FORMULA ® PURE BLUE ™ . Formulated with superior cleaning properties, the product has user-friendly characteristics and can be used in a wide range of industries including mining, oil & gas, and steel. 

QUAKER FORMULA ® PURE BLUE ™  contains effective surfactants to cut through oil, grease, and dirt that accumulate on floors, walls, and equipment. It can be utilized for floor scrubbers, machinery, tools, and general maintenance cleaning applications. The product benefits include: 
   User-friendly – Mild soapy scent and nearly neutral pH make the cleaner less irritating and easier to handle as compared to other maintenance cleaners on the market; No harsh chemicals – Non-hazardous cleaner formulated without phosphates, silicates, phenols, or glycol ether solvents; and Cost effective – One all-purpose cleaner can replace multiple single function products allowing for simplified ordering and reduced costs. 
"In a comparison test to evaluate cleaning performance for grease removal, the QUAKER FORMULA ® PURE BLUE ™  (concentrate pH 7.1) surpassed a competitive water-based maintenance cleaner (concentrate pH 9.5) to achieve a 98% cleaning efficiency", stated Wayne McVey , Industry Business Manager – Steel Cleaners. 

The comparison test evaluated the cleaning efficiency of both products on two cold rolled steel panels coated with grease at weights of 200 mg/ft 2 under the same conditions. A 10% cleaner concentration for each product was used in a spray cabinet, which demonstrated how QUAKER FORMULA® PURE BLUE™ outperformed the competitor, by almost 20%. 

Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150910/265352  

For more information on Quaker Chemical and its full product line offerings, please visit: 
For Cleaners line: http://www.quakerchem.com/product/cleaners/  For Steel applications: http://www.quakerchem.com/expert-experience/industry-expertise/steel/  
About Quaker Chemical Corporation: 

Quaker Chemical is a leading global provider of process fluids, chemical specialties, and technical expertise to a wide range of industries, including steel, aluminum, automotive, mining, aerospace, tube and pipe, cans, and others. For nearly 100 years, Quaker has helped customers around the world achieve production efficiency, improve product quality, and lower costs through a combination of innovative technology, process knowledge, and customized services. Headquartered in Conshohocken, Pennsylvania USA, Quaker serves businesses worldwide with a network of dedicated and experienced professionals whose mission is to make a difference. Visit  quakerchem.com  to learn more.   

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140528/91849  

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/powerful-industrial-maintenance-cleaner-without-harsh-chemicals-quaker-chemical-debuts-quaker-formula-pure-bluetm-300140823.html 

SOURCE  Quaker Chemical Corporation

Some Mexican parents are separated from their children when they are deported from the US under US immigration rules (AFP Photo/Sandy Huffaker) 
 
The U.S. Civil Rights Commission recommended Thursday that the Obama administration release immigrant families who have illegally crossed into the United States mainly from Central America and are being held in detention centers where there have been complaints of poor food, inadequate medical care and allegations of sexual abuse. In its report, the independent commission also… 
 ]]>

Radlett Cricket Club captain Jono McLean bade farewell to the club in style as his side beat North Mymms by four wickets to retain the Saracens Herts League Premier Division title.

The South-African skipper announced his retirement, after four years at the club. exclusively to the Herts Ad at the conclusion of the hotly-contested play-off final at Home Farm, residence of their opponents Mymms.

Despite receiving a duck off his first ball in his final Radlett innings, that could not dampen his day as the defending champions romped to victory.

McLean told the Herts Ad: “That’s my last game now and obviously it was fantastic to win it.

“I told my team a couple of weeks ago so they knew what was going to happen win or lose.

“I think we have built a really good squad over the last few years and I know they will be hungry to win it again next year.”

He added: “The time had come for me to think about my options and I had been here for a while so decided I will do something else on the weekends. Maybe play a bit of golf or something.

“To come into the side and take over the captaincy was great. When I started it was a young bunch of guys here so to bring them on and grow and see them improve, as they have done over the past few years has been fantastic.

“They have all matured as players and as people and you can see that from our achievements since I joined.

“To win the league a couple of times in a row now and also hold their nerve in pressure situations like this is testament to the team and it has been great for me to be involved a